C/Program-03/README.md, before:

# Problem 03

## Description
Write a program that implements [Linked List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list) operations.

'In computer science, a linked list is a linear collection of data elements whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory. Instead, each element points to the next. It is a data structure consisting of a collection of nodes which together represent a sequence. In its most basic form, each node contains: data, and a reference (in other words, a link) to the next node in the sequence. This structure allows for efficient insertion or removal of elements from any position in the sequence during iteration. More complex variants add additional links, allowing more efficient insertion or removal of nodes at arbitrary positions. A drawback of linked lists is that access time is linear (and difficult to pipeline). Faster access, such as random access, is not feasible. Arrays have better cache locality compared to linked lists.'¹.

## References
1 -  [Linked List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list)

Commit message:

Add get by index operation and refactor to dereference the head

C/Program-03/README.md, after:

# Problem 03

## Description
Write a program that implements [Linked List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list) operations.

'In computer science, a linked list is a linear collection of data elements whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory. Instead, each element points to the next. It is a data structure consisting of a collection of nodes which together represent a sequence. In its most basic form, each node contains: data, and a reference (in other words, a link) to the next node in the sequence. This structure allows for efficient insertion or removal of elements from any position in the sequence during iteration. More complex variants add additional links, allowing more efficient insertion or removal of nodes at arbitrary positions. A drawback of linked lists is that access time is linear (and difficult to pipeline). Faster access, such as random access, is not feasible. Arrays have better cache locality compared to linked lists.'¹.

## Operations
[x] Create node
[x] Insert at the beginning
[x] Insert at the end
[x] Remove at the beginning
[x] Remove at the end
[x] Sort
[x] Reverse
[x] Free
[x] Traverse
[ ] Has cycle
[ ] Is palindrome
[ ] Get the value of the index-th node
[ ] Add a node of value val before the index-th nod
[ ] Delete the index-th node

## References
1 -  [Linked List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linked_list)
